Various minor fixes in docs (#512)
yiisoft/validator: docs/guide/using-validator.md

# Using validator

> Validator allows checking of data in any format. Here are some of the most used cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validator allows checking of data in any format. Here are some of the most common use cases.
```

> Validator allows checking of data in any format. Here are some of the most common use cases.

Reviewer 2: What's wrong with using "to check"?

### Providing rules via dedicated object

> Could help reuse the same set of rules across different places. Two ways are possible - using PHP attributes 

Reviewer 2: What's wrong with "be helpful for reusing"?

Author: It is longer and more complicated.

#### Using interface method implementation

> Providing rules via interface method implementation has priority over PHP attributes. So, in the case of both present,
> the attributes will be ignored without causing an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing rules via interface method implementation has priority over PHP attributes. So, in case both are present,
the attributes will be ignored without causing an exception.
```
